c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\bin\Debug\Financeiro.Client.exe
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\bin\Debug\Financeiro.Client.pdb
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\Financeiro.Client_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\Financeiro.Client.g.resources
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\Financeiro.Client.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\Financeiro.Client.exe
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\Financeiro.Client.pdb
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\bin\Debug\Financeiro.Server.dll
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\bin\Debug\Financeiro.Server.pdb
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\bin\Debug\Base.Server.dll
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\bin\Debug\Base.Server.pdb
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\bin\Debug\Financeiro.Client.exe.config
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\Main.baml
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\Main.g.cs
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\BureauBlue.baml
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\Usuarios.baml
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\Usuarios.g.cs
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\Usuario.baml
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Financeiro.Server\Financeiro.Client\obj\x86\Debug\Usuario.g.cs
